#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
anyio==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via argon2-cffi
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.0.9
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
flake8==3.9.2
    # via flake8-nb
flake8-nb==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==1.32.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.34.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==5.5.5
    # via notebook
ipython==7.24.1
    # via
    #   flake8-nb
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traitlets
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.0.16
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.6.0
    # via jupyterlab
keras-nightly==2.5.0.dev2021032900
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.3.1
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   flake8-nb
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
notebook==6.4.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pytest
pandas==1.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.19
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==22.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
tensorboard==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.10.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
